[Autogenerated] because we made a lot of changes here.
It's a good idea to make sure the application is still working.
However,
it's really important to understand that there's no way to
test out the serverless application functionality on your
computer that can Onley happen on AWS.
But when debugging locally,
as explained earlier dot net Core will look for the main method,
which it will find in the program dot CS file dot net Core will have no
clue about the innit method in the land entry point class.
Also, keep in mind that in this version of the APP,
we didn't tell the host to skip reading from the systems
manager if we're in development mode,
that was a change we made for the docker support.
So my expectation here is that the a p I will run locally it will read
the database credentials from A W s systems manager and connect to the
database in the RTs instance on AWS, then the local AP.
I will display the results and you can see based on the controller output.
We're seeing data that we know is Onley in our cloud database.
Not only do we see the coming soon note on April space book, but they're soliciting for Mary our Delhi as well